Desktop app v5.0.4 docs (#5402)
mattermost/docs: source/install/desktop-app-changelog.rst

Release v5.0
--------------

- **v5.0.4, release 2022-02-04**

>  - Fixed an issue where Desktop App toast notifications did't work in v5.0.3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue where Desktop App toast notifications didn't work in v5.0.3.
```

>  - Restored 'Minimize to tray' option for Windows, and added the ability to override the tray icon colour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Restored **Minimize to tray** option for Windows, and added the ability to override the tray icon color.
```
